Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_5105072011_booklet.txt

Paragraph 25
Property listed below is not eligible for replacement cost settlement. Any loss will be settled at actual cash value at the time of loss, but not more than the amount required to repair or replace:
(1)	Antiques, fine arts, paintings and similar articles of rarity or antiquity which cannot be replaced. (2)	Memorabilia, souvenirs, collectors items and similar articles whose age or history contribute to their value. (3)	Articles not maintained in good or workable condition. (4)	Articles that are outdated or obsolete and are stored or not being used. c.	We will settle covered losses to structures that are not buildings at the actual cash value at the time of loss, but not more than the amount required to repair or replace. d.	We will settle covered losses to buildings as follows:
(1)	If the amount of a covered loss does not exceed $5,000, we may, at our option, pay the replacement cost of the damaged or destroyed part of the building before repair or replacement is made. (2)	If the loss is not subject to payment under (1) above, and:
(a)	if you elect not to repair or replace,
we will settle for the lower of:
i.	the actual cash value of the damaged or destroyed part of the building; or
ii. the limit of liability stated in the declarations for COVERAGE A
–	DWELLING for loss to the dwelling, or for COVERAGE B
–	OTHER STRUCTURES for
loss to other buildings. (b)	if you elect to repair or replace, we
will settle for the lower of:
i.	the replacement   cost   less
depreciation; or
ii. the limit of liability stated in the declarations for COVERAGE A
- DWELLING for loss to the dwelling or for COVERAGE B
–	OTHER STRUCTURES for
loss to other buildings;
until the repair or replacement has been completed as required. After repair or replacement is completed as required, we will settle on a replacement cost basis for any added cost you actually and necessarily incurred to repair or replace the damaged or destroyed part of the building, not to exceed the amount of the limit of liability stated in the declarations for COVERAGE A - DWELLING for
loss to the dwelling or for COVERAGE      B      –      OTHER
STRUCTURES for loss to other buildings. Repair or replacement is considered completed as required if:
i.	it was started no more than six months after the date of initial
 
settlement under this provision, and it was completed during the following 12 months; and
ii. we were notified of the start date and the completion date within the 30 calendar days following each date. Any loss claimed under (b) above that becomes ineligible for replacement cost settlement because repair or replacement was not completed as required will be settled as described under (a) above. 



